https://codepen.io/westona1989/pen/yLNePxa

1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that adds meaning to the web page.
    2. What is HTML used for? It's used to build the structure of a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute defines a characteristic of an element. They are done in the CSS files and are placed after the curly brackets after the selector.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used for titling a page. It is usually only used once, but can be used multiple times in certain scenarios.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. img, video
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? A title for the document.
    7. What is an id? It is a unique identifier.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any HTML element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once.
    10. What is a class? Selector that identifies multiple items that have the same appplied attributes.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? There is no set number of times that you can use a class.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href='#' target='_blank'></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? Screen reader software that allows someone listening to the site to interact with it.
    15. How do I reference an id? a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Divs are not semantic whereas sections are.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used for styling your webpage.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. 
To select every h2 on the page, you would enter the code below into CSS.
h2 {
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
A class is used to identify multiple items, whereas an ID only identifies one item.  A class would be used if you wanted to format all paragraphs the same way. An ID would be used if you had one paragraph that was different from the rest.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? A period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It selects all elements that are nested within the parent element. You would use it if you are formatting sections and want to style all elements within that section.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It is added to a selector to indicate a certain state of the selected element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:uppercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
border: dotted 1px black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? The universal selector (*)
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS??/* Content here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm. You have to be careful because you can't undo it.
    34. Why should I use version control? It allows you to track changes and recert to an earlier version if necessary. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Any time you walk away from your computer or anytime you make a significant change to the docs.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
  Fork to create your own version.
  Add collaborators.
  Clone
  Create branch
  Submit into new branch. Use own fork as base and submit to TL for review. TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master Student Fork.
  

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?Inline styles are built in the HTML document.Block elements start a new line and take up the full length available.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? position of elements before and after it are affected.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?flex-grow 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default. Div, address, and article are display block.  a, button, and time are inline by default. input is inline-block by default.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
